Castle Peak
How did you get here?
Grandma is not in good health
You take her in
Grandma will be angry
Are you worried about grandma?
Or are you worried about your repeated position?
No.
The seder class begins
Stop him!
Today is the Lu family business, idle people, etc. I don't deserve it
young master
Today, all the crabs from the Lu family have arrived at the family banquet.
old lady
I'm also waiting for you to introduce it to everyone.
I'm not taking it with me.
cautious
Why don't you go?
Don't be afraid, just follow me.
Young grandma is poisoned by the sun outside
Why don't you go back first?
Lu Shao is young and promising
Before the age of 30, he took over the big and small affairs of the Lu family
It's very impressive.
Yeah, it's a pity to be married
Why don't you introduce my daughter to your grandson?
Haha, caution is promising.
But my granddaughter-in-law is no worse than him
Be careful and bring him here in a while
I became more and more curious
Old lady, the granddaughter-in-law you talk about all day
Grandma and Dad are cautious
It's such an important occasion today
How do you bring an outsider here?
I am a daughter-in-law